(Yuma)
Last time on "Yu-Gi-Oh!
ZEXAL"...
Don Thousand!
I'm setting Alito free!
Lion Heart,
attack Comet Cestus!
(Don Thousand)
My control over
Alito is fading!
Astral, he's back
to his old self!
Stay where you are!
Our duel isn't over.
You remain my enemy.
(both)
Now Lion Heart...
finish Comet Cestus!
(Don Thousand)
I require your indomitable soul,
your boundless fighting spirit!
It will make me invincible!
This is why I shall
replace your memories
with ones of my own design!
(Alito)
It's all coming
back to me.
Every painful memory...
We sure could
use your help, Alito.
Even though Barian World
is the mortal enemy
of your precious Astral World,
it may make sense for us
to defeat our common foe,
Don Thousand, first!
Let's do it!
Vector will lead
us straight to him.
Our next stop is Barian World!
♪♪
♪ Still together as one
cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight
together regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪♪
What the...?
Oh, right.
Girag ambushed me.
But why would he?
I'm the leader of the Barians.
Something's going on!
So you think you'll defeat us
and steal all of our powers?
Marin...
Dumon?
(Dumon)
You have lost your
mind, Vector.
There is no way
you can steal...
(Vector) Poor Dumon.
You obviously don't know
who you're dealing with.
You see, Don Thousand
and I have come to an agreement!
Don Thousand?
(laughing)
No...
It's really him!
You sound shocked to see me...
Incredible!
Vector managed to
wake Don Thousand.
(Don Thousand)
The time has finally come for
you to serve your purpose.
I will consume your
energies to feed my power!
Consume us?
What makes you think that
we would ever agree
to let you do that?
It is your destiny
set in motion long ago.
The seven emperors possess power
far greater than lesser Barians.
You will grant them to me,
or I will take them from you!
Don't be upset.
Look on the bright side.
At least you get to join
the winning team for once!
You're one of the
emperors too, Vector!
He'll take you down too!
I think not.
I have become one
with Don Thousand!
He is a Barian deity...
and so am I!
I have power!
I am power!
Not for long!
We can beat you if we
gather the other emperors!
(laughing)
I am afraid not, Marin!
Girag is already
under my control!
And none of the others can
help you, either!
That can't be!
Alito was in my grasp too,
but I have learned
that he now sides with Yuma!
You're saying they're allies?
Yes.
Yuma, Astral, and their lap dog
Alito are headed here now,
but I will crush
them all easily enough!
It seems you're forgetting we've
still got Nash on our side!
Oh, you do?
Now, enough talk!
I have entertained your
gibberish thus far,
but the time has
come to face your fate!
It's just us so let's hit him
with everything we've got!
It's now or never!
I'm with you!
We'll turn Vector
into just a bad memory!
Let's do it.
♪♪
(all) Let us duel!
What is that?
That's a dimensional portal.
Barian World is just
on the other side.
That means it's go time!
Two on one!
Seems unfair, for you!
Because I can see how this story
ends, and you won't like it!
But not to worry,
I won't keep you in suspense!
I'll make this quick
and painful!
I play the spell
Don Thousand's Throne!
Now, I could just sit up
here and beat you...
Oh, but that wouldn't be
very sporting of me would of me,
would it?
So instead I'll equip Don
Thousand's Throne on to myself!
What's he doing?
What's going on?
Looky, looky at
what I have here...
two Umbral Horror Ghosts
in my hand!
And I can summon them
both for double the dread!
Now I'll keep tingling
your spine
with Umbral Horror
Will O' the Wisp!
And I can change its Level
to Umbral Horror Ghost's,
making sure it
becomes your worst nightmare!
Now I have three monsters
with the same Level!
So I overlay my 2 Umbral Horror
Ghosts and Will O' the Wisp!
With these 3 monsters I
build the overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Number 96,
Dark Mist!
Have you forgotten him already?
Dark Mist, don't be shy.
Reveal your true form
to our guests!
No, it can't be!
I'm sure you've
all met my friend?
Doesn't he look familiar?
Yes!
It's Number 96.
You know, the "fun" Astral!
But...
Yuma and Astral destroyed 96!
No, but they
certainly came close.
Luckily I snatched up
what was left,
and made a few
improvements of my own!
Now he exists to do my bidding!
96 is my puppet...
Which is exactly what both
of you will become very soon.
It must be nice to have
something like that
to look forward to.
Your move.
What will you do?
Oh, that's simple Vector...
Eliminate you!
I summon Blizzard Thunderbird!
Next, I activate
Blizzard Vision!
This card's going to put the
deep freeze on you, Vector,
because it transforms into
a second Blizzard Thunderbird!
Now I overlay my two Level 4
Blizzard Thunderbirds!
I Xyz Summon!
Appear, Number 103:
Ragnazero!
Ahh...
Such a cute little thing!
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
Now it is my turn, Vector!
I will make you pay
for your treachery!
I summon Star Seraph Scout!
Star Seraph Scout lets me summon
another Star Seraph monster.
Star Seraph Sage!
And Star Seraph Sage's
special ability
lets me send one
spell card to the graveyard
to summon yet another
Star Seraph monster.
And I choose Star Seraph Sword
so that I can cut you
down to size!
I overlay Level 4 Star Seraph
Scout, Sage and Sword
to Xyz Summon Number
102: Star Seraph Sentry!
I activate Sentry's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Dark Mist's special abilities
are negated, and its attack
points cut in half!
So what?
All it lost was
50 attack points.
Those 50 points are gonna
lead to your downfall
thanks to Ragnazero's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it destroys any monster
that lost attack points!
So say goodbye to Dark Mist!
What?
Doomsday Demolition!
You are going down, Vector!
I activate the spell
Star Seraph Starstream!
When there is a Star Seraph
on my field
and your monster is destroyed,
this handy little card hits you
with 1,000 points of damage!
How does that feel, Vector?
I'm guessing by your groaning
the answer is not so good!
But it'll get worse!
When Ragnazero's special
ability destroys a monster,
I get to draw a card!
And I place one card
facedown and end my...
Not so fast!
I activate
the trap Nightmare Xyz!
You may have gotten
rid of Number 96,
but you won't be able to win
even in your wildest dreams!
Nightmare Xyz lets
me overlay Dark monsters
that are in my graveyard to
summon a new Xyz Monster!
My new Number will
make Number 96
seem like a paltry
puppet in comparison!
(laughing)
I now overlay two Umbral Horror
Ghosts and Will O' the Wisp
in my graveyard!
With these three monsters I
build the Overlay Network
to give rise to
your darkest fears!
I Xyz Summon Number 43:
Manipulator of Souls!
And your nightmare
doesn't end here!
It equips a Number
from my graveyard!
I equip Number 96 onto
Manipulator of Souls!
We can take anything
you dish out, Vector!
But I'm not quite through yet.
Next I activate Don Thousand's
Throne's effect!
And I'm sure it is much
more than you bargained for!
I regain life points equal to
the damage I took this turn!
And as I gain life points, your
hopes of beating me will drop!
(groaning and screaming)
(Vector) As does Nash's energy.
Manipulator of Souls' special
ability activates!
Since I gained 1,000
life points,
it gains 1,000 attack points!
And one of you loses
1,000 life points.
What a pity!
Now which one of you
lovelies should I blast?
How about ladies first?
Marin, you take
1,000 points of damage!
Licking Lash!
(screaming)
Marin!
I'm fine.
I can take it.
Oh, let's hope so...
For your sake.
Vector's strategy
is formidable.
He gets his life
points back every turn.
But we don't, so it's only
a matter of time
until he defeats us.
(Vector)
They've missed
the best part.
When I regain my life points,
I'm draining it from Nash!
They don't know they're
hurting him instead of me!
If Vector regains all his life
points at the end of each turn,
that just means we have to get
rid of all his life points
in a single turn!
Well, you can certainly try,
but right now it is my turn!
I draw!
Manipulator of Souls,
attack Star Seraph Sentry!
Why would you destroy
your own monster?
Clearly you know nothing
of Manipulator of Souls'
special ability!
When it's equipped with a
Number, it can't be destroyed.
But I bet you're wondering why
I intentionally took damage.
I chose to take damage because
that lets me activate
the spell Card of Endurance!
I take 1,000 more points
of damage!
But that's a small price
to pay to get to draw a card.
I'll place two cards facedown
and end my turn!
My turn may be over,
but Don Thousand's Throne's
effect is just getting started,
which means I get all my
life points back!
I'm good as new!
And since I regained
2,500 life points,
Manipulator of Souls
gains 2,500 attack points!
And one of you two fools
loses 2,500 life points.
So who will it be this time?
I think I'll choose
Marin again!
Watching you suffer is my
new favorite hobby!
(screaming)
No!
Oh, Marin, you're
barely hanging on by a thread.
One more blast and
you're through!
It's just like old times.
I destroyed you years ago,
and now I have the pleasure
of destroying you again!
Again?
Come now.
You mean you don't remember?
Remember?
I guess it's up to me to brush
the cobwebs off your brain.
Let's stroll down memory lane.
The memory lane of pain!
Yes, Marin!
Think back, dearie!
I'm the one who erased
you and Nash from existence!
(laughing)
(all gasping)
♪♪
Give up, Vector...
You have lost!
Let her go and I
may show you mercy!
This animal deserves
no mercy, Nash!
(Vector)
Quiet... both of you!
Say goodbye to your
sister, Nash!
I activate the
trap Giant Sky Sword!
My sword sliced
the fabric of reality.
If Marin happens to
fall in there,
she will never be getting out!
Let her go, Vector!
Excellent idea!
Marin!
(screaming)
Nash!
Whatever this is, I
will never leave your side.
Where are we?
I am not sure.
We are going straight
into that light!
I am and honored
to see you my Lord.
(Dumon) Who are you?
My name is Abyss, your servant,
come to save you both.
But...
But how?
I will place your souls
in new vessels
and you will live again
in in the human world.
The human world?
But...
I must tell you that you will
both lose all of your memories
and only when we meet
each other again
will your
memories begin to return.
All right, Abyss.
I am counting on you.
♪♪
I can't believe it!
They're awake!
It's a miracle!
(laughing)
(Dumon) Marin!
I remember everything now.
(Vector)
I have despised Nash from the
very moment I laid eyes on him!
Everything he did, every word he
spoke annoyed me to no end!
I knew that one of us
would have to leave forever...
Better him than me.
But I vowed to eliminate him
only if he truly
got out of hand.
So I devised a clever game,
a little "point system"
if you will.
Point system?
Yes.
Each time Nash
angered me, one point!
Speak to me without bowing
first, one point!
Reach a million
points and I would end him!
But I never would have
imagined he would score
twice that in under two days!
So I set about to strike at
Nash as viciously as I could...
And the bait was his
sister Marin!
You fiend!
When you two fell
into the abyss,
I was certain you
were sunk for good!
But you were wrong!
We returned as the humans
Reginald and Rio Kastle.
We met Yuma and his friends
and grew very close to them.
But this tormented
Nash to no end.
As his memories of being
a Barian returned to him
and his mission became clear,
he was faced with the fact
that his best friends
would soon become
his sworn enemies!
Oh, my!
However did poor
little Nash manage?
I've had enough of you, Vector!
(screaming)
Alito, it's...
Girag.
(Marin) Vector!
Your madness ends now!
My turn!
I draw!
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
the Seventh One!
I rank up Ragnazero
into a Chaos Xyz Monster!
Appear, Chaos Number 103!
Ragnafinity!
Savor your final moments.
I'm taking all the pain and
suffering you've caused
and sending it
rocketing back to you!
This is goodbye, Vector!
♪♪